# Attendance-Manager
Attendance Manager is an Android-based mobile application for the management of attendance records in an educational organization.
In the current scenario of various educational institutions to manage and maintaining student information is very tough task for any one. The whole academic record of the student information consists of monitoring their performance and progress changes periodically which is very huge workload on lecturers to handle and keep on updating the progress report of each and every student in against of their respective scheduled classes.
The traditional way of taking attendance through the lecturers is a manually in a register book in which they are used to do a manual calculation to maintain monthly attendance database of the students. Such system takes so much time to generate record and many times its creates an error also as it follows manual traditional system.
Apart from this, error problems some time many more problems are generated like lost of attendance register book or manually fake data inserted through unknown recourses which are really not authorized for that work. In order to reduce all these problems and concern overcome through this problem, a smart mobile based application is generated to increase its efficiency as well as its security by sending all information about the students.
It is a beneficial step in every way for our future E-schools and E-colleges. This android based application used by the teacher through its subject id and class id display the digital register for the particular class students and finally submit it.
Therefore, it is crucial to reinforce the use of the mobile based attendance application to register system in order to improve the traditional process of recording and reporting the student’s attendance in the higher educational organizations.
